
# Bjorn(e)
___________

It was `snow`{style="backgroundColor: snow"} in which I was entrenched, and I was thoroughly enjoying it. Well, I was buried in snow, but it was pretty fun actually. It’s depth provided a blankness for me to begin building unknown pathways that wouldn’t be found. It was so deep, that I could build complicated pathways from a blank slate. `Sometimes I would find myself lost in the abyss of softly sifted ice, and be delighted because I had found a mystery in even something I myself had created. Sometimes, I would even get lost in the darkness of this ice that was well sifted all the time. It was kinda scary to be unsure about things that I made, but it was still delightful. In the constant winter, maintenance was a small matter, even though holes and caves had turned into full-blown tunnel systems.` In this current ploff of snow, I had edged near the coast and decided to spectate the bears on one of my favored hills. In one ploff of snow, I had ventured over to the coast to sit and spectate the bears on one of my favorite hills. I watched the lazy sun sit on her horizon perch. She slowly slips into day and even slower into night. I could watch the sun sit on the edge of world for hours, only very slowly moving between times of day. I find the half-dawns and half-dusks to be delightful, unlike the majority that regard the frost and grey with bitterness. I really like the half-dawn, half-dusk times, unlike most people who think of frost and grey bitterly. The beautifully white polar bear dashes into the water, occasionally emerging with face-fur dabbed in scarlet, a flailing near-dead seal in his mouth. A beautiful white polar bear flew into the ocean, and eventually emerged with a small, dying seal in his mouth. I admired their precise strength in the naturial tundric environment.

I arrived home to the idleness of my father and mother, and decided to see what was happenin' in the tiny shipyard and market. It’s the only area in this settlement that isn’t a place of dwelling, besides the dance hall. Any passerby merchants there were from similar northern locations, and on this day there was a Norwegian trader that seemed to be donning five scarves, but it could've been one big one; who really can tell? Yes, I guessed his nationality by his appearance, get over it. As he sold his goods, I, being a young child, felt the desire to disturb him. “Hello there sir,” I began. With wary eyes, “What do you seek, young one?”. Gnawing on a crust of soft voluminous bread, I muffledly spoke “I seek the way of the bear.” You see, I was not hopeful for an understood response, but as a Nord he was familiar with that of which I spoke. He gave a slight smile of recognition, but wariness. “The way of the bear is mystery and I imagine it shall always be this way. All many see is simply clumsy, furred creatures that kill and nothing else. I believe that they perceive and behold much more than what us humans care to consider.” I had gleaned a similar perspective from watching them most days, though, then, I had little knowledge of human stupidity. He continued when he saw the energetic interest in my `olive green`{.olive} eyes: “I have gone by the name of Björnen in my travels, and that is the name of the bear in the land from whence I hail. Take it.”

I carried on gnawing my bread and on what I had been told. I lay in the pure `white snow`{.snow}, the clean crystals mixing into my boundless spiraling hair, and stare at the moon and ever visible dots of solarity on their `grey`{.charcoal} backdrop. Bjorn, from then on, I knew I would be. On a similarly grey night, just after the dance hall had been closed, I entered. The cherry oak of the door and pillars gave an impression of deep age, but I knew I could trust their robust safety. Nothing of this structure moved a centimeter more than it was built to. In this half darkened silence, I sat on the wooden wood floor. The building provided a sense of protection and wary, reliable strength as if the stomach of a bear, that I later hoped to find in myself. With snow in hair and cold clinging to the air, I played music within. I imitated the bears swift dives and crushing paw blows. Even as I knew nothing, I may have realized then that this is what I am.
