
# Dream <span style="color: #243">#243</span>
_________

We had another dream a while ago. It’s remembered to the point we can recite it but not to the details of the exact representation. We know there was a girl with `pink`{:.pink-a100} hair and we watch her from behind. It’s put up in a messy tail, and we’re walking in a loose group. It’s me, Trendell, her, and a raven that Trendell has found for himself and asked to dinner. To not be awkward, it was a dinner that all four of us were to attend. The place was kinda fancy (In fact, it reminded me of a family wedding party dinner place. You remember, that New Years wedding.), but we only went there cuz it was in the building. I had been doing some kind of programming in whatever office building this was, and had to have Shorty McTall come pick me up for whatever reason. As we shuffled into a down-bound elevator, we encountered these two girls together. I’m not sure how we came to end up in the formerly described scene, but I think it started with one of those awkward double-glances across the empty centre of the elevator space. Camera from the closed doors, Trendell across from that raven, glances across. He sees it. Glances back up. Back to her, it’s the classically noted office-romance double-take. He probably leaned over and made a sex-joke involving dolphins to test the waters. There were two distinct possibilities: A. She would smack him and elegantly stomp out the metal box, B. She would giggle. She giggled.

And so, we were eating dinner, the four of us. What is a date without its third wheel, and its fourth wheel to keep the third company? Of course, Mr. Shortcake was gazing into the starry eyes of this mystic raven he had discovered and already begun to covet. Me and this pink-haired girl had little else to do but listen to their miniature, `velvet red heart-box`{:.red} of candy conversations. One of them said some sort of joke that, in the fancy, the other could only enjoy. But us two, we were the extraneous wheels. I said “Yeah, that’s how that works…”, and very suddenly realized that me and `pink`{:.pink-a100} had jynxed on it. I didn’t need a soda though, I already had one. We looked into each others eyes and knew we had found it.

I needed to love.
