
# Dragons are real
_______

Slam! on the back of the dragon, with the giant glowing sword of furious something or other. Slashing back and forth down the sides and over the neck-back of this creature. Streaks of wound spill with steeping boiled blood like a `red tea`{:.redtea} popping with excitement. The dragon ragouriously (with ragour) roared out into the skyful evening. This dude slashed and slashed, burrowing his blade into this really undeserved mounster relentlessly. He was bashing, bashing, it really looked like he was gonna murder this dragon. But alas, suddenly, he was dead. A frankly gigantic claw swatted up and straight through his stomach, pulling up and clipping him down into the earth and into multiple pieces. Our dragon successfully eliminated yet another pest invading his well-kempt household. He really wondered if he should get some mouse traps.

There never was a knight called the `Dragonslayer` or any kina shit like that, because dragons are fucking Dragons. What do you think happens when some dude in a heavy iron dress jumps onto a big, infinitely scaled fire-breathing dinosaur?

He dies. Pretty quickly. He honestly didn’t really have a chance in the first place. But they tried over and over again, throughout history; you just never hear about them because everyone thought they were too much of flipping idiots to document. They were just going around in the wilderness and dying all the time. Thus, they were not worth writing anything about. Thankfully, I have one of said fools in my family lineage and we carefully preserve and pass down that story throughout the generations to make sure that nobody in the family is fucking stupid enough to hunt dragons, but keep them believing in the creatures. ‘Cuz at this point, we’re some of the few only ones that *do* believe.
