
# That One Ballroom
________

A dream that always pushes its way to the forefront of my sleeping mind is that one where we’re dancing. We know it well. Her eyes are all that I peer deep into, I let nothing else be a part of the universe in which I behold myself. She is everything. Besides the music, but that’s part of what lives between us. Exhilarating gypsy tunes play from an emotional band across the room. There are others dancing there, but they do not matter in any which however way. She peers her eyes straight into mine; there is no shy, but no sex. It doesn’t matter who we are, or that I’m wearing a tuxedo and have long hair, or that she’s wearing a some-colored dress and is comprehensively beautiful. There is something between us that one may name whatever they so should desire. Or you could say that there’s nothing between us obstructing the real. It’s just us. We swing to and fro easily in rhythm with the others, like a big wildly spinning grid of gears. The high tempo music spins us in circles and circles as we still stare calmly into our respective visual sockets. Suddenly, she grins so widely, there is only joy and hilarity in the moment. Nothing sinister is afoot. If time were to slow just now, I would be able to notice the slight lines on the besides of her mouth forming, widening. The teeth creep out to reveal themselves, her canines giving a beautiful display of sharp, edginess, as teeth should. Her eyes now there shrink to squint as cute, satanic little upward-rounding crescents. The nose scrunches just a tiny bit, and that’s when I know it’s really spontaneous, it’s not fabricated. If time were slow, I’d notice these things. While although time is not slow, I do in fact still notice them, because well, this is a dream. I mean really, I can slow time if I want to, you’ll just have to accept that as a truth of fact. The delighted, delightful, delighting smile, face, devotchka, is my world. We’re dancing and spinning, spinning. She starts giggling, with a giggle that jumps from the back of the throat as if it can’t be helped. The crescents are so thin, her eyes are almost little black half-circles, with some green on the middle. Of course I can’t help but grin my widest, inescapable grin. My cheeks feel full of creases that are as excited to be there as I am. So giddy they call up a laugh on their pagers, slow flood but soon all at once, it’s bobbing my head and purring in my throat. We had moved near the edge of the dancehall-floor. Our giggles grow gradiscally until we collapse into each other, onto the sideline. Side by side, face to face, eyes to eyes -- intertwined, we are together. I love us.
